README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Kita WebDriver - Promise based WebDriver</h1>
<h3 align="center">JavaScript + Node.js</h3>

<p align="right"><sup>* README.md is still being written</sup></p>

<p align="center">Promise based WebDriver for browser automation.</p>
<p align="center">The objective of this WebDriver is to work in any browser, independent of the version.</p>

<hr>

<h3 align="center">This is a component of <a href=#about-kita>Kita</a></h3>

<hr>

<h2 id="get-in-npm" align="center">Get in <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/kita-webdriver" target="_blank">npm</a></h2>

```bash
npm i kita-webdriver
```

<hr>

<h2 id="todos" align="center">TODOs</h2>

<h3 id="pending">Pending</h3>

```objc
- [ ] Write README.md
- [ ] Add documentation
- [ ] Window manipulation methods
- [ ] Convert to TypeScript
- [ ] Debug mode
- [ ] Logging
- [ ] Create tests
- [ ] More errors
- [ ] JavaScript mouse/keyboard simulator
- [ ] HTML element object interface
- [ ] Add Chrominium support
- [ ] Add FireFox support
- [ ] Add IE support
- [ ] Windows API support
- [ ] TODOs in code // https://github.com/ClownChu/kita-webdriver/search?q=TODO+%3A
```

<p align="right"><sup>* Not in order of priority</sup></p>

<h3 id="completed">Completed</h3>

```objc
- [x] Publish v0.0.4 // v0.0.4 - https://github.com/ClownChu/kita-webdriver/compare/0.0.3...0.0.4
- [x] Publish v0.0.3 // v0.0.3 - https://github.com/ClownChu/kita-webdriver/compare/0.0.2...0.0.3
- [x] Publish in npm // v0.0.2 - https://github.com/ClownChu/kita-webdriver/compare/0.0.1...0.0.2
- [x] Create base structure for WebDriver package // v0.0.1 - https://github.com/ClownChu/kita-webdriver/commits/0.0.1
```

<hr>

<h2 align="center" id="about-kita">About Kita</h2>
<div>
    <code>Kita</code> is a personal assistant developed by <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/vitor-de-souza-software"  target="_blank">Vitor de Souza</a> (<a href="htps://github.com/ClownChu" target="_blank">ClownChu</a>). Currently coded in <a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com" target="_blank">.NET</a>, <a href="https://golang.org" target="_blank">Go</a>, and <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank">Node.js</a>. This personal assistant helps with daily tasks, such as: controlling computers, lights, network, schedules, repetitive tasks, among other features.
</div>

<hr>

<h2 align="center" id="supported-browser">Supported browsers</h2>
<table align="center">
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th>
                <figure>
                    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/edge/edge_48x48.png" alt="Edge" width="24px" height="24px" />
                </figure>
            </th>
            <th>
                <figure>
                    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/chrome/chrome_48x48.png" alt="Chrome" width="24px" height="24px" />
                </figure>
            </th>
            <th>
                <figure>
                    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/4.1.0/internet-explorer/internet-explorer_48x48.png" alt="Edge" width="24px" height="24px" />
                </figure>
            </th>
            <th>
                <figure>
                    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/firefox/firefox_48x48.png" alt="Chrome" width="24px" height="24px" />
                </figure>
            </th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th align="center">Microsoft Edge</th>
            <th align="center">Google Chrome</th>
            <th align="center">Internet Explorer</th>
            <th align="center">Mozilla Firefox</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td align="center">v79+</td>
            <td align="center">v76+</td>
            <td align="center">Not supported yet</td>
            <td align="center">Not supported yet</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

<hr>

<div align="center">
    <h3>*** Not recommended for production use yet ***</h3>
</div>

<hr>

<h2 align="center" id="license">License</h2>
<div align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/ClownChu/kita-webdriver" target="_blank">Kita WebDriver source code</a> is made available under the <a href="https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.en.html" target="_blank">GNU Affero General Public License v3.0</a> license. (<a href="https://choosealicense.com/licenses/agpl-3.0/" target="_blank">Read more</a>)
</div>

Commit message:

Converted project from JavaScript to TypeScript

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Kita WebDriver - Promise based WebDriver</h1>
<h3 align="center">JavaScript + Node.js</h3>

<p align="right"><sup>* README.md is still being written</sup></p>

<p align="center">Promise based WebDriver for browser automation.</p>
<p align="center">The objective of this WebDriver is to work in any browser, independent of the version.</p>

<hr>

<h3 align="center">This is a component of <a href=#about-kita>Kita</a></h3>

<hr>

<h2 id="get-in-npm" align="center">Get in <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/kita-webdriver" target="_blank">npm</a></h2>

```bash
npm i kita-webdriver
```

<hr>

<h2 id="todos" align="center">TODOs</h2>

<h3 id="pending">Pending</h3>

```objc
- [ ] Write README.md
- [ ] Add documentation
- [ ] Window manipulation methods
- [ ] Debug mode
- [ ] Logging
- [ ] Create tests
- [ ] More errors
- [ ] JavaScript mouse/keyboard simulator
- [ ] HTML element object interface
- [ ] Add Chrominium support
- [ ] Add FireFox support
- [ ] Add IE support
- [ ] Windows API support
- [ ] Finish converting project to TypeScript (remove things done for JS)
- [ ] TODOs in code // https://github.com/ClownChu/kita-webdriver/search?q=TODO+%3A
```

<p align="right"><sup>* Not in order of priority</sup></p>

<h3 id="completed">Completed</h3>

```objc
- [x] Convert to TypeScript // v0.0.5 https://github.com/ClownChu/kita-webdriver/compare/0.0.4...0.0.5
- [x] Publish v0.0.4 // v0.0.4 - https://github.com/ClownChu/kita-webdriver/compare/0.0.3...0.0.4
- [x] Publish v0.0.3 // v0.0.3 - https://github.com/ClownChu/kita-webdriver/compare/0.0.2...0.0.3
- [x] Publish in npm // v0.0.2 - https://github.com/ClownChu/kita-webdriver/compare/0.0.1...0.0.2
- [x] Create base structure for WebDriver package // v0.0.1 - https://github.com/ClownChu/kita-webdriver/commits/0.0.1
```

<hr>

<h2 align="center" id="about-kita">About Kita</h2>
<div>
    <code>Kita</code> is a personal assistant developed by <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/vitor-de-souza-software"  target="_blank">Vitor de Souza</a> (<a href="htps://github.com/ClownChu" target="_blank">ClownChu</a>). Currently coded in <a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com" target="_blank">.NET</a>, <a href="https://golang.org" target="_blank">Go</a>, and <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank">Node.js</a>. This personal assistant helps with daily tasks, such as: controlling computers, lights, network, schedules, repetitive tasks, among other features.
</div>

<hr>

<h2 align="center" id="supported-browser">Supported browsers</h2>
<table align="center">
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th>
                <figure>
                    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/edge/edge_48x48.png" alt="Edge" width="24px" height="24px" />
                </figure>
            </th>
            <th>
                <figure>
                    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/chrome/chrome_48x48.png" alt="Chrome" width="24px" height="24px" />
                </figure>
            </th>
            <th>
                <figure>
                    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/4.1.0/internet-explorer/internet-explorer_48x48.png" alt="Edge" width="24px" height="24px" />
                </figure>
            </th>
            <th>
                <figure>
                    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/firefox/firefox_48x48.png" alt="Chrome" width="24px" height="24px" />
                </figure>
            </th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th align="center">Microsoft Edge</th>
            <th align="center">Google Chrome</th>
            <th align="center">Internet Explorer</th>
            <th align="center">Mozilla Firefox</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td align="center">v79+</td>
            <td align="center">v76+</td>
            <td align="center">Not supported yet</td>
            <td align="center">Not supported yet</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

<hr>

<div align="center">
    <h3>*** Not recommended for production use yet ***</h3>
</div>

<hr>

<h2 align="center" id="license">License</h2>
<div align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/ClownChu/kita-webdriver" target="_blank">Kita WebDriver source code</a> is made available under the <a href="https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.en.html" target="_blank">GNU Affero General Public License v3.0</a> license. (<a href="https://choosealicense.com/licenses/agpl-3.0/" target="_blank">Read more</a>)
</div>
